Merge vnext into main (#5317)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/languages/css.md

You can read more about using custom data in the [vscode-custom-data](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-custom-data) repository.

## Formatting

> The CSS Languages Features extension also providesa formatter. The formatter works with CSS, LESS and SCSS. It is implemented by the [JS Beautify library](https://github.com/beautify-web/js-beautify) and comes with the following settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CSS Languages Features extension also provides a formatter. The formatter works with CSS, LESS and SCSS. It is implemented by the [JS Beautify library](https://github.com/beautify-web/js-beautify) and comes with the following settings:
```

Author: Good catch. I'll fix and push once you're done in case there is anything else to tune
